Ingredients
    1/4 cup milk (oatly barista)
    2 cup flour
    1 tsp baking soda
    1/2 tsp baking powder
    1/2 tsp salt
    1/2 cup sugar
    1/2 cup packed brown sugar
    1/4 cup butter (stork original baking spread)
    1/2 tsp vanilla extract
    2/3 cup chocolate chips

Instructions
    Combine flour, baking soda, baking powder, salt with whisk
    In separate bowl, combine sugar, brown sugar, butter, milk, and vanilla extract with whisk
    Pour wet into dry and combine
    Fold in chocolate chips

    Cover with moist towel and put in fridge overnight or longer

    Preheat convection oven to 165 degrees with pizza stone
        170 on this oven
        convection
        pizza stone on the bottom rack
        preheat for 1 hour
        baking sheet directly on pizza stone

    Line two baking sheets and portion out eight cookies each
    Flatten the cookies into 2cm tall cylinders

    Make sure pizza stone is 165 degrees
    Put baking sheet on bottom rack
    Bake for 12 minutes
    Flip cookies over
        1. put baking sheet on top of cookies
        2. stack second baking tray on top of that baking sheet
        3. flip over both sheets so that cookies end up on bottom of second baking sheet
        4. slide cookies back into the original baking sheet
    Bake bottom for 6 more minutes
    Leave on baking sheet to cool for 15 minutes
    Transfer to cooling rack and cool for at least 5 minutes

TODO
    go back to eight cookies per tray. change to actually flipping them over to bake the bottom too
2023-07-20 ATTEMPT
    double portion. preheat to 165 but temp ended up around 150 that way so moved up to 170. pizza stone on center rack. flatten cookies before putting in oven. six cookies per tray fan heating not grill. directly on pizza stone. did the first batch for 17 minutes at 170 (pizza stone temp 150). bottom is soft but top is hard, fuck. for second set, did 20 minutes, rotating tray after 10 minutes, with pizza stone on bottom rack. still didn't look done, so baked for another two minutes but all that really did is make them brown more. definitely need to lower temperature even more. end result: soft. doesn't even taste good (should get rid of flax egg i think). damn. i'm just going to try actually baking the bottom too fuck it. yeah this is the strat with this oven and i think in general too just flip them over halfway through duh. yeah. makes sense. ok sure. did another 10 minutes on the bottom of the cookies to actually make them done which seemed to work. taste is definitely bad though fuck flax egg shit. 
2023-07-05 ATTEMPT
    tried adding a flax egg (1 tbsp ground flaxseed with 3 tbsp milk). tried preheating to 170 and baking there. ended up around 145 on the baking sheet or something like that at the end. 15 minutes at 170 convection. seemed like they were just barely starting to brown. i think it would be better to put directly on pizza stone maybe. they're good but super chewy which i'm not enamored by idk. just underdone, i''m putting them back in for a few minutes directly on top of the pizza stone and from now on i'm always putting everything on pizza stone. next time i'll do 170 like that directly on pizza stone
2023-07-03 ATTEMPT
    tried doing wet and dry separate with 3 tbsp milk and combining before chocolate chips. looks like 3 tbsp milk might be too much. used real brown sugar instead of demerara which seems better. actually maybe 3 tbsp milk is ok it's a little stick now but will probably be good after refrigeration? i'll see. refrigerating overnight instead of just freezing. covered with saran wrap prior to refrigeration, which is a pain so probably just wet towel next time. put in refrigerator at 23:59 on 2023-07-03. preheated oven at 180 with convection for 1 hour. pizza stone on the very bottom of the oven with the baking sheet on the bottom rack so not actually touching pizza stone. pizza stone measured 175c after an hour when the oven was set to 180c, but after baking it measured about 165. bake for 14 min at 180 convection. when i took them out they were light brown but not dark brown. really nice shape after refrigeration and really whisking the wet ingredients separately for a long time. they look good, not sure about flavor. might have left them in too long? can't tell. it seemed like they were already slightly browning after like 7 minutes or something. maybe the temperature is actually ok? not sure. i'll try a bit lower on the temperature next time i think these are a little too brown maybe. the bottoms were fine like this even not directly touching pizza stone so that's good. they look pretty good tbh i'll see. kind of bread like tbh the whole top hemisphere has a crust the bottom is nice but the middle is pretty "chewy" i think it will be good with 170 maybe though yeah something like that
2023-07-03 ATTEMPT
    only used 3 tbsp milk. added 1/4 tsp baking powder. used pizza stone on bottom rack. preheated to 200c convection. used freezer for 30 min with ball before portioning dough. didn't whisk wet ingredients separately which was a mistake. put chocolate chips in with dry which wwas a mistake. put baking sheet on pizza stone on bottom rack cooking with just the broiler since oven is top heating element only. used convection for preheating. switched to guittard semi-sweet chocolate chips. switched to using convection oven because non-convection just doesn't work with this thing. cooked on 185c convection but preheat was giga high like 210 or something so baking stone was over 180 degrees whoops whatever. did 14 min at 185. ended up a little overly browned i think to be honest idk. but at least the bottoms were cooked this time with the pizza stone. center still a bit undone.
2023-07-02 ATTEMPT
    tried oatly barista and stork original baking spread instead of oil. did 14 min at 200. only baking soda no powder. did not chill dough. took them out once they were very very lightly starting to brown. used extremely tiny balls of dough. result was still raw in the center after 14 minutes, so put them back in at 210 for 3 more minutes. they were properly brown on the edges by that point, though still white in the center on the top. STILL FUCKING RAW KILL ME. back in for another 5 minutes at 210. still motherfucking raw. back in at 220 for 5 more minutes fucking kill me. pretty goddam brown all throughout by now but the center still seems not completely done. extremely flat cookies. giving up, going to buy a fucking pizza stone. still raw on bottom but crispy on top fuck
TODO (ONLY CHANGE ONE THING AT A TIME TO ISOLATE VARIABLES)
    figure out temp/duration combo to cook completely
        try 210 at 14-17 minutes until they're brown all the way through but on the bottom rack
    do wet ingredients separately
    switch to refrigerating dough for 24 hours instead of freezing 30 min
    look through mama's recipe and try some stuff from there maybe
